 Constrains for Users
 
1. No two users can share the same User_ID
-> Set UserID as the Primary key in users table
Location: create.sql

2.All sellers and bidders must already exist as users.
-> Make UserID in items table and UserID in bids table Foreign key reference on UserID in users table.
Location:create.sql


 Constraints for Items
 
3.No two items can share the same Item ID. 
-> Set ItemID as the Primary key in item table.
Location:create.sql

4. Every bid must correspond to an actual item.
-> Make ItemID in bids table Foreign Key reference on ItemID in items table.
Location:create.sql

5. The items for a given category must all exist.
-> Make ItemID in categories table Foreign Key reference on ItemID in items table.
Location:create.sql

6. An item cannot belong to a particular category more than once.
-> Make the combination of ItemID and category as Primary Key in categories table.
Location:create.sql

7. The end time for an auction must always be after its start time.
-> In item table, write an constraint sentence to make started time smaller than ends time.
Location:create.sql

8. The Current Price of an item must always match the Amount of the most recent bid for that item.
-> Add a trigger which will be fired every time a new tuple is added on bids table, 
where currently attribute in item table is updated based on amount attribute in newly inserted tuple. 
Location:trigger08_add.sql; trigger08_drop.sql


 Constraints for Bidding

9. A user may not bid on an item he or she is also selling.
-> Add trigger which will check combination of userID and ItemID in item table if they are equal to 
the newly inserted bid tuple's user ID and ItemID. If they are equal, forbid the insertion.
Location: trigger09_add.sql;trigger09_drop.sql

10. No auction may have two bids at the exact same time.
-> In bid table, make the combination of time and ItemID as primary key.
Location:create.sql 

11. No auction may have a bid before its start time or after its end time.
-> Add trigger which will check if newly added bid time is within the range of start time and ends time in item table
Location: trigger11_add.sql; trigger11_drop.sql

12. No user can make a bid of the same amount to the same item more than once.
-> In bid table, set the combination of ItemID, UserID and Amount as UNIQUE.
Location: create.sql


13. In every auction, the Number of Bids attribute corresponds to the actual number of bids for that particular
item.
->Add a trigger that add one on corresponding Number of Bids attribute in items table every time a new bid is inserted.
Location: trigger13_add.sql; trigger13_drop.sql

14.Any new bid for a particular item must have a higher amount than any of the previous bids for that particular item.
-> Add a trigger which will check the bid amount is higher than any previous one before insertion.
Location: trigger14_add.sql; trigger14_drop.sql

15.All new bids must be placed at the time which matches the current time of your AuctionBase system.
-> Add a trigger to check the time of the new bid equal to the current time of the Current Time table.
Location: trigger15_add.sql; trigger15_drop.sql

16. The current time of your AuctionBase system can only advance forward in time, not backward in time.
-> Add a trigger to prevent insertion and delete on current time and also make sure the time is always larger than previous ones when updating.
Location: trigger16_add.sql; trigger16_drop.sql